readme.md, before:

# Hanami Basket: How to Play the Grame

## Prerequisite

- Add Qt Multimedia component
  - Open the Qt Maintenance Tool.
  - Click on ‘Add or remove components’.
  - Search for ‘multimedia’ in the component list.
  - Install the component that matches your version of Qt.
- Open the [qt-droplet-game.pro](qt-droplet-game.pro) file in Qt Creator
- Run the game & start playing

## Login Page

![](screenshots/login.png)

## Signup Page

![](screenshots/signup.png)

### Signup Confirmation

![](screenshots/signup_confirmation.png)

## After Login or Signup Page

![](screenshots/after_login_or_signup.png)

- If today happens to be the player's birthday, they will receive a special birthday greeting.

## Play as Guest
> Your score will not be recorded in guest mode

Choose `Play as Guest` at login page.


## Score Page

![](screenshots/score_page.png)

## Game Instructions & Game Level Page

// TODO

## The Game

![](screenshots/game_scene.png)

- Use the left (⬅️) and right (➡️) arrow keys to move the basket and catch falling cherry blossoms

## When the Player Loses the Game

![](screenshots/lose.png)

## When the Player Wins the Game

> The score of 50 shown in the screenshot is solely for testing purposes, as the actual winning threshold is set at 150 (which, dare I say, is quite challenging even for the easy level).

![](screenshots/win.png)

Commit message:

chore: add instruction page screenshot

readme.md, after:

# Hanami Basket: How to Play the Grame

## Prerequisite

- Add Qt Multimedia component
  - Open the Qt Maintenance Tool.
  - Click on ‘Add or remove components’.
  - Search for ‘multimedia’ in the component list.
  - Install the component that matches your version of Qt.
- Open the [qt-droplet-game.pro](qt-droplet-game.pro) file in Qt Creator
- Run the game & start playing

## Login Page

![](screenshots/login.png)

## Signup Page

![](screenshots/signup.png)

### Signup Confirmation

![](screenshots/signup_confirmation.png)

## After Login or Signup Page

> If today happens to be the player's birthday, they will receive a special birthday greeting.

![](screenshots/after_login_or_signup.png)


## Play as Guest
> Your score will not be recorded in guest mode

Choose `Play as Guest` at login page.


## Score Page

![](screenshots/score_page.png)

## Game Instructions & Game Level Page

![](screenshots/instructions.png)

## The Game

> Use the left (⬅️) and right (➡️) arrow keys to move the basket and catch falling cherry blossoms


![](screenshots/game_scene.png)


## When the Player Loses the Game

Click on `OK` to return to the page after logging in or signing up.

![](screenshots/lose.png)

## When the Player Wins the Game

> The score of 50 shown in the screenshot is solely for testing purposes, as the actual winning threshold is set at 150 (which, dare I say, is quite challenging even for the easy level).

Click on `OK` to return to the page after logging in or signing up.

![](screenshots/win.png)
